the success and all the cash you guys
can get more elaborate or with your
pranks yeah we do we can do bigger
stunts but I mean there's times like
when we were shooting in Westchester and
we had there was raining outside we we
didn't know what to do and we're like
well just go get some crazy glue and put
six cast members at the table and see
what happens see in that it was him it
was one of the best bits of the film and
it just we had no clue what to do and
then just funniness ensued yeah muscle
time is simple the stupid little thing
that there's no money needed yeah it's
just one now what about that isn't it
kind of cool it seems like the jackass
franchise was just waiting for good 3d
to come around because that really makes
it a totally different level right
absolutely you feel like you're inside
of the prank and stunts with this and we
hired a great 3d company paradise 3d we
wanted people who know what they're
doing in they did a great job for us and
I really did tho do every dumb thing you
want us to do in 3d yeah hey what would
you say is out of all the years to do
jackass on the crazy stuff what is the
one that you think is the one stunt that
you're the most famous for the most
people give you feedback board I have to
but what do you think uh well there's
amongst us that the cast and crew I
think the toy car up the bud in number
one para taxi in the last one with Aaron
we pranked Darren uh is closed the film
including the TV shows yeah yeah yeah
the movie said I'd like the movies
better than TV show yeah and for this
movie i think the high five is a huge
bit force and the porta potty bungee
that is oh it's a porta potty did when
you first win that port-a-potty the TV
show all that yeah but what steve-o
takes that to a whole other level jeff
had the bright idea to fill up the porta
potty with stuff and attach it to a
crane 100 feet in the air attached with
bungee cords and launch him like towards
space how safe is that probably not at
all not not not very okay what what
injury johnny Knoxville do you have from
the years on jackass that still sort of
nags you to this day ah phew you know
but there's one that nags you to this
day oh yeah the one I stopped a catheter
twice a day for an injury I is sustained
about three and a half years
go when I broke my penis I was trying to
back of a motorcycle and it uh-huh
you're trying to do what to a motorcycle
I was trying to backflip a motorcycle
and I can't ride a motorcycle travis
Pastrana was showing me he had to let
the clutch out for me so we were doomed
from the start but soon as I came off
the ramp I let go the motorcycle on the
fourth time in it goes swimming feet in
the air comes out break the handle bars
off of my crotch you get the catheter
twice a day still it's like you bring it
to with you yeah I have tubes and you
just put it in the hole and pay yeah
it's like it's about it's about 15 16
inches long and about the size of a
number two pencil oh you have to stick
it all the way in peanut is that is the
bladder it's right there you have gets
to the bladder it stops and you got to
push just a little bit extra harder to
get it in the center I when I first
started it did but now it's just did so
blown out I'm pretty sure he doesn't
need to do it he just likes that's you
should do that in the film that's what
you think about because we used to have
a stunt guy who's gone through some
great injuries his lungs collapsed
because of our show you broke ribs and
everything like that or that's just
little radio station stuff to have a
movie your guys really get tweaked